among those being questioned the
director of the CIA who returned this
weekend from his eth trip to the Middle
East since the War Began in October he
reiterated statements by President Biden
that the aim is to create a three-step
process in which a ceasefire is
established Palestinian prisoners are
released in exchange for Israeli
captives in Gaza and there's a surge in
humanitarian relief I don't think
anybody can guarantee success what I
think you can guarant guantee is that
the alternatives are worse for innocent
civilians in Gaza who are suffering
under desperate conditions uh for the
hostages and their families um who are
suffering also under very desperate
conditions the hearing was interrupted
several times by audience members
protesting against us involvement in
Israel's war on Gaza I want to give you
a chance the direct question was put to
the CIA director is Israel Exterminating
the Palestinian people
um Senator all I can say is you know
what I said before the question was
asked again so is that a no you do not
believe Israel is Exterminating the
Palestinian people no I I think I think
Israel's I understand Israel's need the
question was still not answered directly
and it was put to the director of the
National Intelligence Security Agency
director Hayes do you believe Israel is
Exterminating the Palestinian
people I really don't have anything to
add to what director Burns has said the
answers did not satisfy the protesters
nor indeed some of the Senators but it's
a sign of the deep unease with the Biden
administration's ongoing unqualified
support of Israel that the questions
were asked at all the briefing was moved
behind closed doors so material of a
classified nature could be discussed
it's not known whether any of this
material was related to Israel's ongoing
War mik Hana aljazera
Washington